draft page for teaching disabled pupils and pupils with special educa… (#1234)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/teach-disabled-pupils-and-pupils-with-special-educational-needs/teach-disabled-pupils-and-pupils-with-special-educational-needs.md

---
title: "Teach disabled pupils and pupils with special educational needs"
description: |-
  As a qualified teacher you’ll have the opportunity to work with pupils with complex needs, no matter what setting you work in.
date: "2021-05-07"
image: "/assets/images/my-story-hero-dt.jpg"
article_classes: ['guidance']
keywords:
  - SEND
  - disabled
  - disability  
  - disabilities
  - special educational needs
  - teaching
  - teacher
  - special school
---
Most disabled pupils and pupils with special educational needs learn in mainstream schools.

As a qualified teacher you’ll have the opportunity to work with pupils with complex needs, no matter what setting you work in.

> Once you’ve got [qualified teacher status](/ways-to-train) you might choose to teach in a mainstream or a special school, for example.

Author: ```suggestion
Once you have [qualified teacher status](/ways-to-train) you might choose to teach in a mainstream or a special school, for example.
```
